Hi, hi, there!
Let's kick off with phrase number one.
Vamos a iniciar con phrase number one.
See you, see you, see you, okay?
Si ver o mirar, you, tu, entonces, te
miro, te veo, ¿listo?
We use it a lot to say goodbye, you know,
it's similar to goodbye, so lo usamos
mucho para despedirnos.
Let's check the next video. I'll see you
soon, bye.
I'll see you tomorrow at the Palace Hotel
in Gstaad.
So, more examples.
See you later, see you tomorrow, good
night, I'll see you then, see you.
Lesson or phrase number two.
Bye, bye significa adiós, similar to
goodbye or see you, okay?
It's similar.
For example, watch the clip.
I'll see you soon, bye.
Bye, honey, have fun with your dad.
More examples, time to go, say goodbye,
it's time to go, bye, bye, pretty good,
pretty good.
So, see you, repeat after me, say it with
me, see you, excellent, again, see you,
pretty good.
Bye, bye, nice.
And the last one, take care, okay?
Take care.
So, take care significa cuídate, ¿listo?
It's very similar to goodbye, it's the
same thing, we're learning different ways
of saying goodbye, okay?
Estamos aprendiendo diferentes formas de
decir adiós o despedirnos.
So, take care es una de ellas.
Take care, more examples, it was great
catching up with you, take care.
Or this one, take care, have a safe journey.
Pretty good, excellent, excellent.
So, listen to this thing, you're going to
listen to the conversation and read it, okay?
Listen and read the conversation.
Are you coming tomorrow?
Yeah.
Then we could go for lunch and try some
of the local cuisine.
Yes, please, thank you very much.
Sure, I'll be there on time, have a nice weekend.
Pretty good, so Choco Inglés believes in
you, believes in your abilities and what
you can do because we believe in you and
we're helping you achieve this.
Nosotros como Choco Inglés creemos en ti
y sabemos que lo vas a poder lograr.
So, take care, see you.